Q1 Who developed python programming language?
Ans : Guido van Rossum developed python Programming Language.

Q2 Which type of programming does Python Support?
Ans : Python is an interpreted programming language, supporting object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

Q3 Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers ?
Ans : Yes, Python is case-sensetive Language.

Q4 What is correct extension of the Python file?
Ans : Python Programming Correcet extenstion is .py 

Q5 Is python code complied or interpreted ?
Ans : Python is both compiled as well as an interpreted language, which means when we run a python code, it is first compiled and then interpreted line by line.

Q6 Name a few blocks of code use to define in Python Langugage?
Ans : a module, a function body, and a class definition. Each command typed interactively is a block. A script file (a file given as standard input to the interpreter or specified as a command line argument to the interpreter) is a code block.

Q7 State a character used to give single-line comments in Python ?
Ans : a single hash # we use to give a single Line Comment in python.

Q8 mention function which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on ?
Ans : The function sys. version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on. It also contains information on the build number and compiler used. For example, 3.5.

Q9 Python Suupports the creation of anonymous function at runtime,using a construct called _____
Ans : lambda 

Q10 What Does pip stand fo python ?
Ans : Python install Packages 

Q11 Mention a few built-in function in python ?
Ans : int(), iter(), lambda(), type(), etc

Q12 What is the Maximum possible length of an identifier in python ?
Ans : 79 charcaters 

Q13 What are the benefits of using Python ?
Ans : python is dynamically typed,python has extensive library and portability, python is free and open source 

Q14 How is memory managed in python 
Ans : The memory is a heap that stores the program's objects and other data structures. The Python memory manager uses API methods to handle the allocation and deallocation of this heap space. 

Q15 How to install python in windows and set path varibles ?
Ans : Right click on My Computer and click on properties.
Click on Advanced System settings.
Click on Environment Variable tab.
Click on new tab of user variables.
Write path in variable name.
Copy the path of Python folder.
Paste path of Python in variable value. Click on Ok button: Click on Ok button:

Q16 is Indendation required in Python ?
Ans : Indentation is mandatory in python to define the blocks of statements. It is preferred to use whitespaces instead of tabs to indent in python. Python uses four spaces as default indentation spaces.
